But he needed him for that, and that if he wanted to put shine on KT duty, put him on some
other day, if he could, because he felt he needed him that day.
Wasn't that the conversation?
Lieutenant Blanc, no sir, Mr. Collin on that particular day, never mentioned to many
words.
He did say that what we wanted to do was five a time from Monday to Friday would be okay,
as far as he was concerned, but he didn't see why five a time had to pull KT on Sunday.
Now Lieutenant Blanc said some on the, as I read it from that record, it was directly
contradictory.
No sir, I don't believe it's ten to three at all.
I had talked to Lieutenant Blanc on a number of occasions.
He knew that the arranging has been made by Secretary Steven to make shine available to work
on these reports and other committee work.
He knew that that was the only reason for which I or any other member of the staff would have the
authority to contact him.
And I don't think I started off every conversation by saying I refer you to the arrangement of
November 6th, the terms of which I or so, he knew sir.
He knew why I was calling and it's perfectly possible I didn't go into a speech about it on every occasion.
The only reason I had to go.
I understood your testimony was that you asked to get import committee business.
Well, there's no doubt about it, Lieutenant Blanc, does not know that.
Well, was it implied or did you directly ask, I don't remember what I said to him in detail.
And I said I do know that I'm sure that Lieutenant Blanc, the General Ryan's aide,
did not have had authority to speak to me about any such thing.
Well, wasn't that a pretty heated conversation between you and Lieutenant Blanc?
No, it wasn't.
I wouldn't say the same.
Well, now, General Ryan, you recall, testified, you find it on page 3454, 3452.
He said that Lieutenant Blanc told him of the conversation you recall and that he had with you.
Within a couple of days, and then Blanc told him that you were extremely excited and upset and very causting in your remarks.
Now, that General Ryan testimony, I said General Ryan saying what somebody told him that I said.
Now, he reported that that is a kind of blow.
I might have been excited.
I might have been excited and said why we've made preparations for him to do the work, why is the arrangement being going back on,
why can't he do whatever else he has to do when he's supposed to do it?
Why does he have to do it?
During the period, which Mr. Stevens has said it's right for this other work, I might have been excited.
Now, following from the TPM to that Lieutenant Blanc on page 30509, that was a follow-up on your conversation on the TPM situation.
That pursuant to that, Mr. Cohn didn't agree with me by the way.
He said that some people at Fort Dick had been cooperative, but that Colonel Ringler and Lieutenant Miller, and Lieutenant Miller is not captain Miller, the company commander, had made things especially difficult for five of John.
And that he, Mr. Cohn, had a very long memory and was never going to forget their name.
Now, what about that testimony of Lieutenant Blanc?
Well, the end is the same I gave you the last time he had been about a sentence.
I'm having a sentence.
No, I'm referring out of a lot of parts of the testimony if you're not going to forget their name.
Yes, sir. I thought you had to have to be about it.
I certainly had a conversation with Lieutenant Blanc.
I do know that Ringler incident, which has been brought in here, I'm sorry it has.
I don't know whether Colonel Ringler said those things or whether he didn't say those things.
And I did mention it.
I recall at some point or other to Lieutenant Blanc.
It might very well have been a point.
I have no dispute with that, sir.
Well, but the, I'm saying, are you getting ready for this?
I'm asking you specifically, you want to know that I say,
that you have been making it especially that Colonel Ringler, the regimental commander,
and let's call him Captain Miller, who is the company commander,
had made things especially difficult for private shine.
And because of that, you were not going to forget their name.
Now, would the veteran crew or the veteran ball be fine with it?
The veteran would wait to interrupt here.
It's not just that.
I thought we had found the rule, and all of some people knew it, but it's been proper to ask one with them to evaluate.
You know, there was a testimony.
I think you can ask them for the phone, how he did.
But he said, for any of these actions, but I don't think he could ask him to.
The way he was evaluated, wasn't he?
That's why we asked him what was he, and he had made the statement or not.
Yes, I think it was very far as far as him.
And it's pretty important.
Because quite a point was made, I'll never listen to you as anyone did.
I thought he was asking the places.
And the veteran crew, we ran there, and they went with me after him.
I thought they were just going for us at the end of the night.
Did you see what the code was?
You are an officer.
I don't think I'm going to have to say it's going to be an action you want to be able to call.
I'll finish you when I go around next time.
You may be waiting out for whatever.
The three simple, Mr. Tom, the Senate's flop has testify that you are not going to forget Colonel Ringler and Captain Miller.
Because you're not going to forget the names because to quote him, you have made things that they have made things especially difficult for private time.
I mean, that's the substance of the time.
Yes, that's the substance of the time.
The substance of what I say is that the conversation did take place.
I did talk to him.
I know this undoubtedly on this occasion, he said that it was well, I think he told me that Colonel Ringler makes a difficulty about it.
I told him that I reported to him that what I had been remarked, I had heard attributed the Colonel Ringler.
Whether I said I had a...
Oh, was that applied to Captain Miller?
I don't think there's anything about that in connection to Captain Miller.
I certainly never heard anything I never met.
I was in the middle of my life.
Colonel Ringler, I do remember, sir.
And, saying I had a long memory, and I forget the names, I don't know whether I said that or not, I do know that I...
It put the Ringler name through the Miller routine, the names check.
What do you guys think?
Not even an investigator.
Whenever we have information about somebody or something along the lines, what you do is get a...
What's known as a quick name check, if there's nothing to it, it shows up in the form of negative.
If there is something to it, it shows up in the form of positive, and you go on from there.
Well, you know what I mean?
Now, you're going to investigate the regimental commander of Sergeant investigation.
Now, if you've spent some unkind words about Sergeant Provincine,
Oh, not so, I don't think.
Sorry, situation America, people can't speak out.
I, for fear of an investigation, let's say, speak their minds.
I fully agree with you, so he could say anything he wanted about Private China,
it was not any comment about Private China, it is that it's me, it's all that.
Uh, Lieutenant Potter?
Uh, Lieutenant Cameron, the 400-partig-craft, I wonder if it's, uh, the phone was just...
Make fear of what's under the question of COVID, and this is the limit.
I didn't give it to him.
Now, that wouldn't be a point of order, it would be kind of that right, and it didn't take it to me.
So, if some other question is asked, and you may ask him a question on your time, it's in the matter.
Lieutenant Potter, Mr. Cameron, an answer to the statement made by Mike,
which then, in college, he's been identified from Washington, and he's pertinent.
Very well, about the witnesses to be called, I think he made some of the Jackson made a statement
that went up for his name, as I mentioned before, and published before the television camera,
that that person should have a right to appear before the committee.
I, I clearly agree, that a person should have a right, and that they're standing committee rules,
to appear to his name, as I mentioned in a blog before the matter.
Now, I think to possibly, the other look-along factor is considering,
that the public and the three-shortish should not be called,
I think that this is what can still, any news like upon the account of the question,
I think that the committee should have to say what information he had,
but this is called electricity, so that they can all work,
so because his name has been dropped, it's here.
And, careful that we'll be here for many, many months,
I just happened to recall a few names that have been mentioned in the post-desire,
and I know that I only have a few of the many, and I'd like to mention that this time,
for example, as an Eisenhower, David Shine's Schoepers, General Reaver's lover,
Aaron Fowl, a man by name of these, also referred to as Mr. H.
Clark Slipper, by President Nixon, Gary Morgan, Bill Ryger,
General Wapu, Harriet Moore, the William Burst, I assume,
the big little football team, Bill Remington,
Sherman Adams, Lou Berry, Harold Greenville, Bob Jones,
David Shine's girlfriend,
Fateman, who was the, that phone was a little bit,
Don Green, the Colonel's old secretary of army Stevens,
he cut up, the Colonel Ringers, he was about to, Jack Bell,
our coming news lady, who made great,
who we have the 11th top string company,
and we have the second top string company.
We have George the Colony, we have Peter's lawfuls,
I assume they may have the perfect majority of them,
but they can't, Elmocker, Mr. Filmker,
and we have David Shine's father and mother,
and we have, we have just a few of the names,
that have been mentioned, and I, before the Committee,
and I'm the one bringing up, when we'd ever conclude,
because there's one witness come down,
we find that about four names are dropped,
and it would be, not only at 7 am,
but it wouldn't be keeping up with the fifth.
So I've just mentioned in man, I do think,
however, that doesn't exist,
because all of these can show new light upon the controversy
in that book.
Senator Fanniken.
The board of next senator asks the question,
while we have the opportunity, let's return to it.
The whole of these statements, which you have been referring to,
the state of H.O.
is finally a 254,
of the middle of the state,
that is meaning you make this comment.
And I quote, for example, when a congressman intervenes
to have the overseas order to make your heard in corrects,
coming in part, Trump and Harry's canceled
the no report was issued, on the pope.
And on the following, the state is making
the similar scars that the overseas order
that makes it correct for a substantial effort,
intervention that made Congress.
Are you prepared to testify
as to the specific state?
I am, sir, but we'll inject a very big test.
Isn't that thinking any name to any country?
Can that be violating the very finest
right to get the test in such a pot?
Well, I would submit to that point
for that ruling, Mr. Chairman,
again, to, if we're trying to verify some
of these charges and counter charges,
if it seems to me that this would be a very relevant
matter, may the chair say that his different,
I think, is the trick before he became a member of the commission.
And we thought it was redeveloping our self-turve
that two things you were not going to believe
were the rights and the wrongs of the truthfulness,
or the entertainment of who it was who actually did promote
and give certain expectations to make this the right.
However, by all the functions which I think
we might be doing someday, we reassemble
it on that happier occasion when the defendant
is coming with the chair, he's no longer here.
So, Mr. Chairman, I'll apply for that to ruling,
but I wanted to say very satisfatously
that I cannot believe that it's counter charge
for any member of the country, for inter-beings
in behalf of an awful, terrible and elusive man
in the farm and foreign, any franchise
that they are in service and succeed in preventing
his assignments overseas.
I cannot believe that it's possible
under the operations of the armed services.
And I think the American people have a right to know
of whether such preferential treatment is important
to any member of the armed services
married by the inter-section of some member of the party.
You're okay with the illegal attendance.
You have ten minutes.
I would like to say for us to be somewhere from
side of all that, the record shows that this
Fifth Amendment's Communist had orders to go to Yulkham
Hama when he got to the port of Dubai station.
His orders were same, and he was given space
by duty. The record shows that a Congress
was in her lean.
A chair said out to you please, you're not
mentioning the name of the country.
I will not thank you enough.
And in fairness to the Congresswoman, it's
impossible to know how much influence that
Congresswoman had because the Communist
pleasure refused to tell our father it was the
Congresswoman or some communist who
proceeded to get any new daughter's name.
Mr. Cohn, we're talking about Mr. Ringler
and I'm afraid that it was left up in the air.
If this correct, the few reports to me that
you heard that Ringler was condemning our
exposure of communist preferring who was
witch hunt, I told you that time that we
couldn't broaden our investigation too much
with your busy but to get a quick name
of the tech economy which you did.
Yes, I was not so proud of committee, I believe
of. The comment allegedly made and they might not
have been made as fault, but I don't know,
he might be the finest man of all that.
Where direct as well as the activities in
exposing and investigating comments.
In any event the name check had nothing
whatsoever to do with this.
It had nothing whatsoever to say.
Mr. Rolt asked you a question, he said,
by some mysterious magic, you find that
a department is written with some of them.
You see what the duty of the committee to
expose us back to you, but they asked you this first
question of the number of communists.
There's one false duty in a proper
clock and decree the death of hundreds of
thousands of millions of Americans.
That's right. No doubt about it.
There are one communists in the right place
into the work of tens, fifty, a hundred
thousand people not in that place.
So I don't think you and I will agree
there's rather aval thinking to see
the full way of remain department's riddles
of the time that we have a duty to do in.
If we find one of the single
better, one of the single communists,
we have a duty to expose us.
Well, that about that.
They're in a way to come in and move
and operate very often.
They will play for only one communist
to make certain spot there is not need
for further duplication to get the same type of information.
No, and further, for another question,
one of the communists who are well-to-one,
are pressing, and said it by some mysterious
magic.
There's nothing mysterious or magic
about where to come and operate
where there's hydrogen sulfate.
No, sir, there is nothing magic
about it. It's due to a deliberate
well-planned, well-thought-out design,
which goes back many years
in which they have been following,
unfortunately, with remarkable success
in many countries throughout the world.
And sometimes they will say five,
ten, fifteen, twenty years
to work them out up to a position
where he can perform a service
for the communists in spirit.
It's happened in our government,
sir, yet.
That's all for the time being.
It's still out here, Tenant.
Armageddon, Claire.
That is calm.
When you were under examination
by Senator Monsullin,
the name Forest came up
to one more time.
You understand, of course,
the misconceptions that said we can't
try that case here.
Yes, sir.
I have the similarity to say
one or two things about it,
or ask you one or two things about it
for this reason.
I suspect, Mr. Cohn,
there may be people listening on television,
who think this arrest was right
where in the middle of some radar
laboratory, a fort monument
about which we have talked so much.
Can you see how someone might
guess that impression, Mr. Cohn?
Well, the fence, oh, much that person
is right about the first case.
Well, how carefully they listen to us.
Now, that isn't where
correct was.
No, he was in the dental court.
And he wasn't anywhere near this
delicate installation of fort monument.
Well, actually, he was near it.
There were no hiding he wasn't there.
No, I know, I can say that there are
no triumph between
nature, perhaps, and the fort monument.
And he had no unusual
clearances to let him know
high secrets.
Oh, there was a question about clearance
because I would say that Mr. Wilt,
you're certainly right.
That's a good one.
Because I don't understand much time there.
I just wanted to keep it
clear before the country
that he wasn't sitting right
where in the middle of fort monument
that was what we have talked about.
He was not a fort monument.
And he was how he made
the happenance of the cemetery
as crystal clear, won't you?
And secondly, he was a dentist, wasn't he?
Yes, sir.
And he was a dentist at a point
when he was a patient
that's a camp tumor, New Jersey.
Well, I understood and I have been
this informed there that that was
a stadium camp or overseas.
Well, if I'm wrong, that's what it is.
You might be right.
Anyhow, is that the way it is?
It's like that.
Anywhere, as I have said, is that right?
Yes, he was.
Now I have only
I don't minimize the importance of the forest case.
I don't even care to stare at myself.
Don't misunderstand me or I don't like
us commoners, even if he's
a dentist here. Don't misunderstand me.
But I do want to get the guy
imperfective.
Now let's, brother, could I say one more
saintly humorous thing about him
if it's possible that they are saintly humorous thing about it?
I certainly won't stop this.
Wherever there is the commoners,
the fear of often is that they may
indoctrinate other soldiers or other people.
That's right, isn't it? That's one of them.
That's one of the things.
Now, whatever you say about
indoctrinating other people,
it wasn't the two happy
away.
The stride has drilled in the people
with a dentist drill and an 18-by-tuck wood.
It might be an effective way to
have the guy as a
cancer very well, if he's too
hurt.
If that rightness is cold,
let's pass this path.
Well, Mr. Loz, the plot is a fair
to say it's a fair. You've got this situation.
You have a man with an open record as they
call. I'm not meant to call. We understand this.
Forrest is a no-good time of my own.
No, I don't need to care about you.
That's the question you should give me
a chance at. Well, I'll be sure.
No, I'm not. I'll be sure.
The stride is hearing.
It is the importance of the
forrest case to me. Number one, you are
arriving. That's the importance of the
forrest case. Well, sure. If that's the
number of questions, if you give me a chance,
I'll try to keep it real.
No, I want to run this if I can.
If there's some question that you haven't had a
chance to answer, I'll try to ask it over.
But what I'm only, what this is only what I'm saying is,
that if you want it,
you can check your young soldier and make a
commoners out of him.
He can't care.
Is it much of a pass, isn't it?
It's not right.
Well, the answer's off.
It is. It's not an answer.
I'm not going to say that, but you asked
to answer, you won't get much out of it.
He's obviously the frontman with it again.
When he takes the deep breath, I only want you
after no.
One pass at him.
And the dead is a scare.
It is very dangerous to me.
And so I'll just ask you a number of
questions, which I haven't answered.
If I can say a few sentences, I can probably give you a question.
No, let's just say one sentence.
Let's take this one.
No, he wants to make a speech.
I've got a simple question.
I'm going to say, well, number one,
we shouldn't be talking about the correct case at all.
Right.
There is, given you the opportunity to do so, you can simple
justice when you ask a wister to clarify a question about it.
And in a wister, every time, it isn't right the way to see the wister
and the senatorial committee.
If you want to ask him the question, which I don't think you should ask.
And I'm not stopping, right?
Really, you should give the answer one of the six.
So I have the question, right?
The last question.
Well, this is one of the reasons.
I have a question.
I could not discuss anything relative to the state of the major
perit, and now you permit others to discuss it.
What is the distinction?
Well, I think the distinction is this.
I think Mr. Walsh was in the interest of the fact that it might
be a question.
Mr. David Peresse is not a quite man.
That is not just a minute, Mr. Walsh.
Now you can have the new chair.
That you can't do.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I just have wonderful and move on from Peresse.
I know that.
But we're really in simple justice.
Give the witness a chance to answer the question about the new red letter.
The report.
All right.
Please be quiet, Mr. Dupin.
I'll be equally glad to waver or look forward to a few ways, Mr. Dupin.
I don't know.
I don't even have to have the question said.
But I can answer the question.
No, that's fine.
The question.
We'll even not take it out of the time.
I'm the only happiest author.
We have to determine there are serious questions.
I think the witness remembers them.
I do.
Mr. Walsh can probably have an image.
The last question was, so it peeled before the last.
I couldn't get much in on it.
Well, maybe I didn't want to get too much in it.
Oh, and then I just wanted to straighten the answer.
The reporter asked me to ask me if I could have a question.
I'm sorry.
I'll write the answer to the answer.
The reporter asked me to read the question.
I'm not really with this, my answer is.
That's what I'm saying to you.
That if you want to catch a young soldier and make a communist out of him,
one task at him in a death's chair isn't much of a past, is it?
Isn't that right?
I can't do answer that question, Mr. Walsh.
I'll give him a chance with the world.
Yeah, but I say, can he answer it twice?
We'll never find out.
Let's give him a chance.
Try.
Go ahead, Mr. Walsh.
Sir, your question about recruiting young soldiers and the way in which it would be done,
I can only say this to you.
Major Perez was a man with an open communist record, and decided that open communist record,
which should have been well known to any alert intelligence people in the army.
He was commissioned a captain, which gave him a rank as a commissioned officer.
As to that, he claimed to flip the amendment to the army.
In spite of that, they promoted him to be a major, and they gave him other preferential troops,
being a major, and a commissioned officer and in contact as an officer of some rank,
which soldiers working under my was safety, you there had a situation which was susceptible to the recruitment of people serving there,
who did not have his rank and who were soldiers into the body.
I do not observe that when we ask him those very questions, he invoked the fifth amendment,
and refused to tell us whether he was using his rank in the army and his post to recruit soldiers into the communist movement.
And we think the case, how, and we think they're finally, my way of things on it,
we think that the mechanism of how it is possible for a man to get a commission in the army and then get a promotion,
to fight an open communist record, and to fight the fight he claims the fifth amendment,
must leave this committee to inquire who in the army knowing that a man has a communist record,
would promote him to the rank of major.
We've talked about with an extremely important and relevant thing to us,
and not with the importance of the forerstate you are right Mr. Wells,
for as it not work at Barnmouth, and as far as I know, he had no connection with Fortmont.
Well, the time will be resumed and Mr. Wells may continue.
Thanks for the last few words. Just one other question you have to call.
If you were a lawyer in the carpool and got the answer, you just gave me an answer to the question I asked you.
Would you move this right? The answer is irresistible.
I would have objected to the question, sir, and I would have objected to the affair to give the witness an answer.
That the right to answer.
Now, one other thing, we saw in the preliminary,
and this I think we've already touched somewhat, it can quickly agree on.
One other constitutional issue that is in the field here and eliminated,
is the question of what your committee or any similar committee has the right to do
in respect to calling members of Loyalty Force and reviewing their actions.
And you meant to call and realize that you and I have a different opinion on that,
and the right to differ, don't we? I do so.
And it's a very important question, isn't it? It's important, sir.
Now, Mr. Cohn, I have a little section here in long hand of my thoughts and examination of you
before we come to some tougher thing, which has, I think, a very pleasant heavy.
It's got the heading, let's make the country feel a little better, and see if you can't help.
I'll begin with this. Have you, sometimes, in this room, been a little dismayed as I have,
but the charges and counter charges that have been long around here,
or does it all sound all right to you? I think it's made by the whole thing, sir. Thank you.
In that dismay, or to a lay that dismay, what you and I care, and I think some of the country shares,
would you help me say to the country, as I would like to have you help me,
that our government is really in the hands of patriotic men, and sure it is for us.
And it's not, Mr. Cohn, in the hands of the traitors, as I'm sure it is not.
Would you help me say to our country, and I think they'd like to hear you and me join in saying
that our fighting forces on land and in the air and on the sea are wonderful today as they were in World War I.
But the world there is. Yes, could you mind yesterday? Absolutely, no.
It's not about it. We've made it crisply.
Right. And as wonderful as they were in World War II.
Yes, sir. And as wonderful as they were in the Korean conflict.
Absolutely. And when you join me in saying that our armed forces, the army included,
recognizes all over the somewhat frightening thing to say.
We used to try to skirt it, but the principles and frightening enemies are the commoners.
Yes, sir. And that our first line of defense is our armed forces.
That's clear. Certainly is one of the most important.
And Mr. Cohn, in spite of all of this may any of us may have felt in this room,
or that it may that the country may have felt that all the wrangling with the past has taken place here.
The country and particular of the mothers and fathers of the boys in service may rest easy.
It's a beautiful army, Navy, and Air Force, isn't it?
Certainly. And it's ready to fight ominous the war, isn't it?
No doubt about it. And ready to fight ominous at home.
Yes. Are you talking about it, sir?
Yes.
Right, Mr. Dickens.
Mr. World War II, we're working in this area of poverty, which is wonderful.
I would like to have you join me if you would now.
We are showing the public about our executive station this morning, because we're not reporting.